My case you know let's take a look.
None correlated queries come off to the From.
So here I selected stuff from reserved seats.
And you see we have the ID booking ID and seat ID fields from the reserved seat table and now I want
to write select statement which only grabs the booking ID and counts the number of seat ID and then
group by the booking ID.
So basically you get the number of seats reserved for each booking ID so let's right now Syllis type
select booking ID and then count on see tidy
frome reserved seats and then we need to group by the booking ID because we haven't got an aggregate
function on the booking ID.
And then we can run this statement so you can see for every booking ID we have the number of seats reserved
for that booking.
Speaking ID one was free seats booking ID to two seats etc etc..
So what if we wanted to select the maximum value in this county seat ID column.
So basically the maximum number of seats that were reserved by one booking where we could select statement
here and in a query it could come off to the From.
So let's do that now to show you what I mean.
So the first thing I want to do actually is I want to say Count see ID as number of seats and I underscore
seats.
So basically this is the column name alias.
And then I want to put this select statement in brackets.
So in a query and I actually want to be here and I'll explain later.
And then I want to write out a query.
So this is going to be all in a query.
So now let's write out query.
So I want to select the maximum value in this count see tidy right.
Select selects Max
now I've put a column name alias on this count see Id write counts the tidy column as number of seats.
So now I can say max number of seats.
From this in a query.
So I select the max number of seats from which is our outer query and then I have all in a query that's
coming off to the From.
So any queries now selects booking Id count SEE ID as number of seats from reserved seats and we're
grouping by the booking ID.
And we've called this b.
So now let's run this statement and you can see it returned Max number of seats 6 which was the maximum
value in our account.
So Id call them.
So let's see what exactly happened here.
So normally when you selects a column from you're selecting from a table.
So you can see here we're selecting stuff from a table reserved seats.
So when you use so queries off of the from basically you're creating a table with the sub query.
So this select booking Id count Seitel ID is actually creating a table service creating a table with
booking ID and number of seats and these values within the table.
And this is known as a derived table so you can see here.
We actually had to call out derived table B when we were running this whole sub query.
So the query is creating a derived table which the OutServe query is then selecting from.
So we're selecting max number of seeds from the derived table created by or in a query.
So the maximum value in this number of seats table will be six and we're selecting now around to query
whenever you're creating a derived table in a query.
You have to refer to that table with a name so it can be any name.
So here I just it be but I could have kuda anything.
So this table is being created and is called a derived table.
So it's not a permanent table in the database is just derived and used just for this query.
But we have to give it a name so we're calling it be in this case and we can also select other columns
from this.
So let's say we wanted to select the average number of seats reserved per booking.
We can type average number of seats.
Average number of seats call a maximum of seats on this run this query and it returns the average Friday
for the number of seats column from all derived table and it returns the maximum number of seats as
well.
So this is how we use up queries off of the from Stakman.
Basically in a query creates derive table which we then have to cool which we then have to give a name
and the outer query then selects values from that derive table.
So that's it for this video.